# Security Policy

Phosphorescence hopes to be as secure as possible. However, if a security
vulnerability is noted, **please do not file a GitHub issue**. Instead, contact
us directly at security@phosphor.me.

One attack vector of particular note is our script execution engine. We have
taken care to make sure custom script execution is heavily sandboxed. However,
we understand that testing this sandboxing is imperative, as long as it is done
without malicious intent.

In order to ensure the security of our users, anyone attempting to find security
flaws for disclosure to the Phosphorescence team *must* do so in a responsible
fashion which includes not making exploitative or potentially exploitative
scripts public or otherwise marketed for public consumption. Doing so will be
taken in bad faith and likely result in your account being suspended and
potentially reported as necessary.

Conversely, if you would like to pre-emptively acknowledge your interest in
testing the security of the engine, you may email us at security@phosphor.me
from the email address associated with your Spotify account. Make sure you
include a link to your Spotify profile so we can cross-reference your Spotify ID
to your Phosphorescence ID and to the Spotify-linked email you are writing from.
This way, we will have a heads up about your intentions.

As an alternative to the above, you may run a local instance of Phosphorescence
and test from there.

Please note that the above is in no way an invitation to attack the site, site
owners, or users. We will not tolerate any form of penetration testing that has
an actual effect on our data, servers, bandwidth, etc. The above is only with
regards to demonstrating weaknesses in the client-side execution sandboxing and
only in the capacity that the demonstration has no actual harmful effects.
